# Introduction: The Snoopy Pilgrimage
### By T.L.

Welcome to the Snoopy Apple Watch Face Animations collection. This is the result of my long and arduous journey to collect all -- every single one -- of the Snoopy Apple Watch Face Animations. 

The Snoopy Watch Face was first launched by Apple in collaboration with Charles M. Shultz studios to create a watch face that resonated deeply with artistic belief and a fundamental sense of creativity. This was, true to its name, inspired by the Snoopy comic strip that took the world by storm. In response to popular demand, Apple created a watch face that was instantly recognized and celebrated for its innocence, ingenuity, and complexity. 

Since its launch in Watch OS 10, the watch face has surged in popularity to become one of the most common watch faces around the world. Whether in China or America, on different sides of the globe, the faces of Snoopy and Woodstock peek out of watch faces in the workplace and at home. It has now been recognized as one of the most diverse and playful watch faces in the world.

With such recognition, the watch face ceased to be a timekeeping device -- it made its mark as a work of art. When brainstorming the workings of this miraculous device, Apple engineers and Charles M. Shultz studio artists alike fused together their quantitative and creative talents. Snoopy and Woodstock responded to a variety of different factors, all while taking into account the exact positions of the watch hands. 

Since the birth of this watch face, children and even curious adults have raced to uncover its secrets. What exactly drove Snoopy and Woodstock to hide in a pumpkin or whip a frisbee? What urged them to lie in a pool at the hight of midday? Apple's statement of 148 animations was deceptively simple. Although 148 is a large number to those unpracticed in mathematics, all animations add up to a mere 12 minutes in length. That is probably less time than what the reader has spent on social media today.

Many humans raced to be the first to reveal all the animations. A playful childish endeavor quickly morphed into obsession for many. But the longer one took, the harder the climb seemed to get. In fact, some of the conditions needed to trigger the animations are elusive to such an extent that it is no wonder people are missing so many. Reddit posts, YouTube videos, and long articles on sketchy websites prompted the same question: is it even ultimately possible to humanely witness all the possible interactions between Snoopy, Woodstock, and the hands of time on a 49mm screen?

To this day, I still do not know. Of the 148 animations, I have gathered 146; more than, I believe, any person has publicly gathered. And even the lists that have been published are missing many animations; they also plagerize web images, neglecting the hard work and commitment needed to collect a master catalogue. I believe my personal catalogue may indeed be on the right path; I have the most animations, to put it plainly, and one would be able to see that they are all unique.

To gather these animations, I have noticed that they can be sorted into four primary groups.
**(A) "Everyday Animations"** occur on a daily basis, without any reliably traced trigger. There are 89 of these, which is what most people witness, never to conjecture that there are 60 more animations. 
**(B) "Weather Triggered Animations"** occur only when a specific atmospheric phenomenon has taken place, be it high winds, glaring sunshine, or freezing rain. There are 19 of these, yet I am missing one. 
**(C)"Time and Date Triggered Animations"** can only reveal themselves on specific days of the year or times of the day. Holidays are especially susceptible to representation; Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving, and the New Year all make their debuts in this watch face.
**(D) "Watchmode Triggered Animations"** occur only when a specific feature of the Apple Watch is enabled. For instance, Water Lock induces a diving Snoopy, and Cinema Mode causes Snoopy and Woodstock to eat popcorn in a movie theatre.

My achievement is not so much in my own dedication to this obscure subject, pursuing a goal that may not even be technologically possible. Some individuals may regard it in enough ridicule as to render it pointless. But an old maxim in life is: if a mystery is published or made known to the world, some people will try to solve it. They may do it in groups or alone, but their united goal is enough.

Whoever is reading this may be an amateur in this long road or a seasoned veteran, seeking an end to their long quest. But I am merely realizing the inevitable in what Apple and Charles M. Studios have created. People have risen and fell in the quest to conquer the watch face. I daresay that no other timekeeping watch face has received so much attention. They are perpetually dwarfed by the nuclear glow of the Snoopy Apple Watch Face.

In almost completing the quest, I feel almost regretful of collecting this list. Although this is indeed a monumental achivement, perhaps the first ever, in the history of the Snoopy Apple Watch face, I have somewhat stripped the absolute beauty from this watch face. Never again shall Snoopy's shenanigans suprise me, and my pleasure at this watch face is even dimished. It goes to show that the true joy is not found upon arrival, but during the journey itself. I will no longer have the chance to witness a new interaction between Snoopy and Woodstock on an Apple Watch, but I have hope in understanding the impact and perhaps inspiration that I extend to other users of this watch face. May you have that chance, and be pleasantly surprised when you do!